1. Docker?
	  Docker is a open source toolkit, allows developers to package the application, its dependency & configurations into standardised unit. 
	  Then we can run this unit into docker installed system & easily distributed in to all environments like QA, Dev, Staging & production.

2. Do you know the difference between Docker file and Docker Compose?
    Docker file :  it consists set of instructions to build an image.
                     (cmd: docker build)
    Docker compose :  it consists set of instructions to run those image.
                     (cmd: docker–compose up) 

3. Image repository?
  	We can store images into private / public repository in the dockerhub cloud registry

4. Why microservice?
  a. We can follow the clean architecture since each service has its own code & database.
  b. We can do Independent deployment for each service.
  c. We can easily combine all the endpoints with the help of api gateway.
  d. It will give best performance since each services are run in independent manner.


Monolithic Vs Microservices?

1.1 Monolithic?
a.	All components are part of single unit
b.	App must be written in 1 tech stack
c.	Team need to be careful to not affect others functionality

1.2 Challenges?
a.	Application is too large & complex
b.	We need to scale up entire application, instead of specific service
c.	Difficulty if each service need different version
d.	Release process take more time 
e.	On every change we need to test entire application.
f.	Bug in any module may down the entire applications
2.1 What are micro services?
Split application into smaller units
Split based on business functionalities
Self contained & independent
Service can be built & deployed separately 
Each micro services has its own version
Each team can develop the service independently
Each team can choose their own tech stack	

2.2 Challenges?
a.	Configure the communication between services
b.	More difficult to monitor the multiple instances of each service distributed across the servers
 We can solve challenges using kubernetes 
2.3 Communication between each Micro service?
1)	Via api calls
2)	Via broker message(Rabbit MQ)
3)	Via service Mesh
2.4 Mono repo Vs Poly repo?
Mono repo: One repository with separate directory for each service.
Poly repo: separate repository for each service
